# Bangladesh-Covid-Situation-Analysis-and-Tracking
The COVID-19 has spread rapidly around the world and the current condition is becoming worse day by day. People are infected by this virus at different times of the year. Since it is a global disease, it affects the death rate strongly. Therefore, it needs to be controlled for not spreading rapidly also it is necessary to keep track of that time when this virus spread more, and the number of patients being affected to reduce the damage of this outbreak. But it is difficult to analyse and predict the growth of this disease at different times of the year because with this dataset our current system provides the computerized data in a collective way. So, we need a ML algorithm to map the disease and its progression to overcome this problem. ML are two categories: one is supervised and unsupervised machine learning. Supervised machine learning includes some models like regression model, classification model, times series forecasting model etc. where unsupervised machine learning includes clustering models. In our project we used linear regression and time series forecasting model where for different time, lab-tests, death case etc. as input we perform regression and classification to analyse data for a particular time and predict the number of confirmed cases in future days from this disease. Using this model, we can get early predictions of the status of coronavirus at different times of the year. And get an estimate of how many people are infected with the virus at that time.
